0.4.1 (#11)
packit-service/packit.dev: content/posts/packit-041.md

---
title: "Packit 0.4.0 & 0.4.1"
date: 2019-05-18
draft: false
---

> It's been over a month since 0.3.0 and newly released 0.4.0 (and patch release 0.4.1) again bring a lot of new features and improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's been over a month since we released packit "0.3.0". Here comes packit 0.4.0 (and patch release 0.4.1) and as always they bring a lot of new features and improvements.
```
